Fix apps breaking extension listing in administration (#2479)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2022-05-11-fix-apps-break-extension-listing.md

---
title: Fix apps breaking extension listing in administration
author: Silvio Kennecke
author_github: @silviokennecke
---
# Core

> * load app label and description from translations in `\Shopware\Core\Framework\Store\Services\ExtensionLoader::prepareAppData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `\Shopware\Core\Framework\Store\Services\ExtensionLoader::prepareAppData` to load app label and description from translations
```

Changelog entries have to start with certain keywords like:
* Added
* Changed
* Deprecated
* Removed
